 Q1. "stdio.h" is a header file. stdio.h stands for standard input output header.
 
 Q2.  "Printf" is the name of the most-used C output function, and stands for "print formatted"
          It is used to display the output of the program on the screen
          
 Q3.  In C, the "main" function is treated the same as every function, it has a return type
       (and in some cases accepts inputs via parameters)
      The only difference is that the main function is "called" by the operating system when the user runs the program.
      
 Q4.   Speed. Learning touch typing leads to a natural fluency when using a keyboard and faster typing speeds .
         In the future this can lead to increased employability/job prospects .  
         
 Q5. Touch typing is to use all fingers to type on the keyboard. Each key is associated with specific finger.
     we can learn it by looking at colours displayed on learning websites associated with each finger and practicing it.
     
     Qi What is header file
            Header files contain definitions of Functions and Variables,
            which is imported or used into any C++ program by using the pre-processor #include statement
            .h is an extension 
            
     Q2. What is a library in programming?
             (2) In programming, a library is a collection of precompiled routines that a program can use.
             The routines, sometimes called modules, are stored in object format.
             Libraries are particularly useful for storing frequently
             used routines because you do not need to explicitly link them to every program that uses them.
             
     Q3. What is the function of the compiler?
              A compiler is a program that translates the source code for another program from a programing language 5
              into executable code.
              
     Q4.What is the difference between compiler and interpreter?
               The Compiler translates the entire program before it is run. 
               The Interpreters translates one statement into machine language, executes it, and proceeds to next statement
               
     Q5.How does a program run on computer?
               Upon such a request, the program is loaded into random-access memory,
               by a computer program called an operating system, where it can be accessed directly by the
               central processor.
               The central processor then executes ("runs") the program, instruction by instruction, until termination.
               
     Q6.What are the steps of execution of a program?
                Step 1 : Edit. This is First Step i.e Creating and Editing Program. ...
                Step 2 : Compiling. 
                Step 3 : Checking Errors.
                Step 4 : Linking Libraries
                Step 5 : Error Checking.
                
     Q7. What is linkers in programming?
              In computing, a linker or link editor is a computer utility program that takes one or more object files
              generated by a compilerand combines them into a single executable file, library file, or another 'object' file. 
              
     Q8. What is a loader? Define its function
                A loader reads the executable code into memory,
                does some address translation and tries to run the program resulting in a running program or an error message 
          
     Q9.What are the types of linkers?
                Linkage Editor: It is a linker that generates the relocatable, executable module.
                Dynamic Linker: It defers/postpones the linkage of some external modules until the 
                load module/executable module is generated.
                
     Q10.Why header files are used in C?
                 A header file is generally used to define all of the functions, variables and
                constants contained in any function library that you might want to use
